Alanna Risse is a tough lady. I feel a lot safer with her around.---Daryl Dixon

I hope, someday, to be as interesting as Alanna Risse.---The Most Interesting Man in the World

Alanna is a fabricator of absurdity. She pushes life into the delicate balance between truth and humor often resulting in beautiful disharmony. Alanna is unusually driven and wonderfully unusual in that she can accomplish and learn anything that is put in front of her.---Liz Randall

Alanna is a rare mix of skill, determination, and goof. Her technical chops are top-notch, and she is able to learn new skills with speed and grace. She puts her heart into her work.---Lucas Haley

Alanna knows front-end/templates better than anybody. And she gets the job done well and gets it done fast.---Alan Peters

Alanna is a tremendous asset to any company she works for. Not only is she incredibly technically savvy, she's extremely creative and can come up with new, better solutions to existing problems. I loved working with her and someday hope I get the chance to work with Alanna again.---Lynn Beighley

Alanna was the life and soul of the party at Apple in Cork when she was seconded from "home base" Cupertino for a period of time. It was great to have such positive experience, especially in the Multimedia Application Space, in the group and it is no surprise that she has gone on to bigger and better things in the last 10 years.---Gavin Costello

Good, timely work; cheerful in the face of adversity, a pleasure to work with and be around. All-around skilled as well as talented.---Kaolin Fire

Alanna = 1, Raect Forms = 0---Alanna Risse

I’ve known Alanna for nearly a decade now and, honestly, my life just keeps getting better. I mean, I don’t actually KNOW know her (like in the biblical sense) but she breathed on me once back in art school and I was totally into it. Pretty sure she was too. What I mean is she changed my life. Made me sparkly and intoxicating. Everywhere I go, people adore me... but Alanna loved me first. I’m forever changed and forever grateful.---Angela Simione
